---
description: >-
  How 2FA works in Advanced/Patch Insights. You will need to be an
  Administration to enable 2FA.
---

# Two Factor Authentication in Insights

_Applies to: Patch My PC Advanced and Patch Insights_

2FA - Administrator settings

#### Enabling 2FA

To enable 2FA, first go to Administration -> Settings -> Security and tick Enable two factor user login.

Once enabled, you can also enable the ability to allow users to trust the browser they are using. This skips 2FA on subsequent logins but this is optional.

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(320 "").png "")

As an admin, you can also enable and disable 2FA for a user. This will override the users 2FA settings.

#### Disable 2FA for user

Go to Administration -> Users -> and click on the Actions button for the user you want to modify. Then on the dropdown click Edit.

On the user properties modal, click Two factor authentication enabled and then Save.

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(328 "").png "")

### 2FA - User Settings

#### Enabled 2FA

When logged in, click on your user profile in the top right of the webpage, then click My Settings from the dropdown.

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(321 "").png "")

You will now be presented with your users settings. You will see a banner at the bottom to enabled 2FA

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(322 "").png "")

Click Enable, then the modal will load with the steps to enable 2FA.

1. Scan the QR code using your authenticator app of choice.
2. Enter the code generated by your autenticator app to confirm correct settings
3. Click Download on the security code, the continue button will now enable.
4. Your account will now have 2FA enabled, click done.

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(332 "").png "")

Once you have enabled 2FA, you will be greeted on login for a code.

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(325 "").png "")

#### Disable 2FA - User

To disable 2FA, go back into My Settings, on the bottom you will see two new buttons called Recovery codes and disable. Click disable and then enter the code generated in your 2FA app.

!\[]\(/\_images/image-(329 "").png "")
