# Telemetry Data collected by Patch My PC Cloud

_Applies to: Patch My PC Cloud_

In order to function and to help improve our product and services, Patch My PC (PMPC) Cloud collects and stores the following telemetry data.

<table><thead><tr><th width="320">Data Type</th><th width="380">Why</th><th width="109">Activity Type</th><th width="290">Storage Location</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Patch My PC User Azure ID</td><td>We store the Azure ID of Patch My PC users for authorization purposes.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Patch My PC User Names, Surnames, and email addresses</td><td>To identify who our customers designate as an admin on our platform.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Specifically provided notification email addresses</td><td>To allow specific email addresses to be configured for in product notifications, such as when apps are updated.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>User profile icon</td><td>To personalize the experience and make it easier for users to recognize their accounts.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>User-uploaded app icons</td><td>For easy visual identification of the application.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>User-uploaded binaries</td><td>To enable Win32 apps to be added and managed in Intune.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>User-uploaded images for branding</td><td>Can include company logos and branding elements, making Conflicting Processes notifications easily recognizable and ensuring users know the message is from a trusted source.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Company information</td><td>For billing purposes.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Customer License Information</td><td>To ensure the correct levels of access to features and services.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Customer Publisher ID</td><td>As the application can connect to multiple publishers, we store the customer's publisher ID to identify it.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Azure AD security Group </td><td>As we can assign apps to groups, to allow an admin to select groups, we need to query them. This is done using a real-time Graph API query. </td><td>process</td><td>Browser processes Azure AD security group information based on the user's device location</td></tr><tr><td>Azure AD security Group </td><td>As apps can be assigned to groups, we store group information in order to identify them.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr><tr><td>Audit Events </td><td>To enable admins to monitor changes, detect suspicious activity, and diagnose problems.</td><td>stored</td><td>Region selected during customer creation</td></tr></tbody></table>